Copyright (C) 1985-2012 by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.

All rights reserved.

     Export of software employing encryption from the United States of
     America may require a specific license from the United States
     Government.  It is the responsibility of any person or organization
     contemplating export to obtain such a license before exporting.

WITHIN THAT CONSTRAINT, permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute
this software for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted,
provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that
both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in
supporting documentation, and that the name of M.I.T. not be used in
advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the software
without specific, written prior permission.  Furthermore if you modify
this software you must label your software as modified software and not
distribute it in such a fashion that it might be confused with the
original MIT software.  M.I.T. makes no representations about the
suitability of this software for any purpose.  It is provided "as is"
without express or implied warranty.

Documentation components of this software distribution are licensed
under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License.
(`http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/')

Individual source code files are copyright MIT, Cygnus Support, Novell,
OpenVision Technologies, Oracle, Red Hat, Sun Microsystems,
FundsXpress, and others.

Project Athena, Athena, Athena MUSE, Discuss, Hesiod, Kerberos, Moira,
and Zephyr are trademarks of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology
(MIT).  No commercial use of these trademarks may be made without prior
written permission of MIT.

"Commercial use" means use of a name in a product or other for-profit
manner.  It does NOT prevent a commercial firm from referring to the
MIT trademarks in order to convey information (although in doing so,
recognition of their trademark status should be given).
